[soft rock]
I'm all out of hope
One more bad dream
Could bring a fall
When I'm far from home
Don't call me on the phone
To tell me you're alone
It's easy to deceive
It's easy to tease
But hard to get release
Les yeux sans visage
Eyes without a face
Got no human grace
Your eyes without a face
I spend so much time
Believing all the lies
To keep the dream alive
Now it makes me sad
It makes me mad at truth
For loving what was you
Les yeux sans visage
Eyes without a face
Got no human grace
Your eyes without a face
[echoing]
[no audible dialogue]
When you hear the music
you make a dip
Into someone else's pocket,
then make a slip
Steal a car
and go to Las Vegas
Oh, the gigolo pool
Hanging out
by the state line
Turning holy water into wine
Drinking it down
Ohhh, ow
I'm on a bus,
on a psychedelic trip
Reading murder books,
trying to stay hip
I'm thinking of you,
you're out there, so
Say your prayers
Ooh!
Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Now I close my eyes
And I wonder why
I don't despise
Now all I can do
Is love what was once
So alive and new
But it's gone from your eyes
I'd better realize
Les yeux sans visage
Eyes without a face
Got no human grace
Your eyes without a face
Such a human waste
[echoing]
And now it's getting worse